[Music]
Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Happy Friday and good morning. Our top
stories today, President Trump
announcing a slew of industry specific
terrorists, from patented drugs to heavy
trucks, kitchen cabinets, and also
bathroom vanities.
>> The president also advancing plans for
American investors to buy Tik Tok's US
operations from bite dance, valuing the
unit at $14 billion. As far as markets
go, stocks across the Asia Pacific down
after strong US economic numbers,
clouding the outlook for future rate
cuts. The dollar is set for one of its
best weeks this year. Silver topping $45
for the first time in 14 years.
>> Plus, Xiaomi unveils a $630 smartphone
to take on Apple's iPhone 17.
[Music]
Good morning. Muted as far as risk
appetite is concerned. Declines across
most risk assets. First we had the
strong dollar, higher yields, good
economic numbers out of the US. And then
going into the session this morning, we
had this flurry of announcements coming
out of the White House. We'll get into
all of that in a moment as it pertains
to markets. As you can see, we are set
here uh for uh some losses going into
the open today. In fact, when you look
at some pharma plays in the region,
we'll unpack really what this means.
Patented pharma products specifically,
you're looking at declines across some
of these names. And certainly, this will
be one cohort of stocks we'll be
tracking going into the uh the open in
greater China. We talked about the
stronger dollar, right? Uh Bloomberg
dollar index, dollar yen. On top of the
strong dollar, you had this Tokyo CPI
print which pretty much missed all but a
few uh estimates out there. Dollar yen
is now within strike, you know, 150.
We'll be we'll be talking about that at
the moment. 714 715 on dollar China and
of course we talked about silver gold
bottom of your screens also coming up
very very shortly. Precious metals plays
very much in focus given of course this
move up in silver and of course in gold
as well. uh just the approach to the
open today and of course within the
Chinese markets certainly equities
certainly within equities it's tech but
the bond markets have really given us
something to talk about with yields at
these levels we haven't seen a 30-year
yield uh uh in China going back to about
December of last year. So we are on
track for three weeks of loss as far as
that's concerned. So this is really an
area we'll be tracking going into the
thick of things this Friday. Ivon
>> yep in terms of what to watch obviously
the tariff uh seems like that's making
the headlines once again what we've been
seeing from President Trump. So, uh, is
the tariff man making a comeback? That
certainly is one thing we're watching
this morning. In terms of sectors, we're
watching the gold plays, the precious
metal plays, silver, as they've
mentioned there. Pharma in particular.
We already seen that impact here in the
rest of the region. We'll see how some
of these China pharmaceutical biotech
stocks are going to react to that news
from President Trump as well. Horizon
Robotics, certainly some news there. Uh,
certainly one to watch. Uh, also watch
Manwa Holdings, right? This is the one
when it comes to furniture and might
actually be also feeling the effects of
what Trump did when it comes to tariffs
on that fund. Uh talk a little bit more
about EUND. They're launching an ETF
here today related to the AI side of
things as well. We have a whole ETF sort
of theme on the show and the China show
today, earnings including new world
development. That's the next one to
watch. Of course, after getting that
loan that we will talk about a little
bit later on and of course the CGB
losses that we're seeing in the bond
market.
>> Yeah, lots to get into as we go into
today. in our top story and this refresh
this reboot of the tariff conversation
out of the White House here announcing
this new well new tariffs on a wide
range of products right pharmaceuticals
furniture and also trucks let's bring in
John Herskovitz our Bloomberg East Asia
government editor from Tokyo with us
right now our China correspondent Minman
also covering of course uh one side to
this as well uh John John let me start
with you how significant are these new
announcements from from from Donald
Trump uh especially when you look at
these product categories here, John.
>> Yeah, I know it's it's a wide range from
uh trucks to kitchen cabinets. So, the
one with the trucks is interesting. It's
25% levy. The Trump did this with the
intention of trying to protect the
domestic industry. Um, and we have some
really iconic names which are part of
the US truck manufacturing landscape.
Uh, Peterbuilt, Mech. So, we have that
on trucks. And then we have the
pharmaceutical one which is a 100% levy
on patented pharmaceuticals. Now this
seems like the most punitive on paper
but there's actually a huge loophole.
It's a little bit porous in that
companies can avoid this levy if they
have a plant under construction breaking
ground on one. It's a loophole that
really allows for these companies which
are which have these drugs to be able to
skirt the 100% levy. So quite a bit
going on with uh the announcements that
Trump that Trump made today.
>> John, it's Yeah, it's it's almost like a
whole slew of it. So the markets right
now, the knee-jerk reaction is to to
sell on the news, but who who do you
think or what do you think these these
tariffs are targeting in terms of
markets, economies,
>> and who is the most vulnerable to this?
>> Sure. We're seeing the uh the companies
the the pharmaceuticals are of course
the biggest sectoral part of this and
these are companies in uh India.
Singapore is also worried about some of
these things. Um and I'm not sure of
their construction plans in the US if
they'll be able the major makers will be
able to skirt these but we'll see some
companies that are being hit in um yeah
in the kitchen cabinets in upholstered
furniture another category that was
mentioned by Trump today. We'll probably
see some stock slides specifically for
companies in Asia because of this, but
the markets overall seem to be impacted
more by what's going on with the Fed and
overall economic data. So, some specific
companies may get hit, but the bigger
markets, I think, are not going to be
really affected by what we saw coming
out of Trump today.
>> Right. Mman, let me bring you in on the
Tik Tok angle here. What's the latest
here? We did get, of course, more
information on where this goes from
here. Yes, President Trump signed an
executive order that mapped out a plan
or a way for Bite Duns to divest the the
app. So, they have to reduce their
ownership to below 20%. It's still not
clear now who is going to be involved in
this deal, but the executive order would
extend another 120 days for the deal to
be closed. And from our previous
reporting, we know based on sources that
Silver Lake could be a part of that, as
well as MGX, which is an Abu Dhabi based
stateowned investment firm. But Oracle
is going to be a key player. They are in
charge of securing US data and securing
the algorithm to make sure that it is
free from foreign influence. So what we
understand now from US officials is that
bite dun under this plan would license a
copy of the algorithm which Oracle would
then retrain from the ground up. It
would inspect the algorithm to make sure
that the way it feeds content to users
uh is you know compliant and is free of
foreign influence. So there are still a
few big questions now in terms of
uncertainties, right? Whether or not
Beijing will approve this because the
foreign ministry so far its statement
has been quite vague in the sense that
they say that the deal has to comply
with Chinese law. Um and the other big
question is the price tag because JD
Vance has said it would be valued at
about $14 billion and that is still far
below what some previous projections had
been which is around 35 to40 billion.
>> Interesting. The Chinese haven't quite
publicly said anything about this deal
just yet. We also had the premier uh in
the US speaking at the UN General
Assembly and speaking to a lot of the US
CEOs. What was the message there?
>> Yeah, he I mean it it is a p pitch to
some of these friendly partners in the
US, right? To get them to advocate for
better USChina relations. So his key
message there was about how US and China
should continue to be friends and that
China will strive to uh improve or
create a stable and healthy growth in
China in order to create more
opportunities for foreign uh companies.
So again, President uh Premier Lee was
there. It is his first trip to New York
as premier and it comes as early in the
week he also said that China would give
up some of some of its privileges as a
developing country under the WTO. So
some of these are seen as potential
concessions that China is willing to
make in order to uh perhaps remove some
of these point of contention with uh
with the US
>> team. Thank you so much. Minman Lo, our
China correspondent there and out of
Tokyo, John Herskovitz, our East Asia
government editor on all the top stories
here uh coming through. in fact the last
few hours or so. In fact, coming up
here, more analysis really on these new
terrorists coming through uh with a lot
of voices coming through here in the
Asia Pacific and on the China show
today. Cameron Johnson, I think, will be
joining us later today. We'll see what
happens with this going into the open
today. Lots of other themes at play.
Stronger dollar, higher yields. And of
course, where where do we go with the
tech play as well, Alibaba is on track,
in case you're curious, for its best
month since it listed here in Hong Kong
many years ago. This is the China show.
[Music]
>> All right, we talked about how it's
almost like an ETF theme that we're
we're having on the China show here
today. And JP Morgan had launched ETFs
this month that really gave individual
investors in Taiwan and South Korea
access to US tech. And there are some of
the asset managers uh launching products
to meet demand for US tech stocks from
Asia's retail investors.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Phipe Asmar here,
APAC head of ETF direct and digital at
JP Morgan asset management. It's very
nice to see you and good morning. Lots
to talk about active ETFs. What's going
on there? It seems that there's you guys
are busier than what what what is
capable right now. What's what's going
on there?
>> Let's set the stage maybe globally in
terms of active ETFs. So worldwide
there's about $17 trillion of assets
under management for ETFs.
>> Yep.
>> One and a half trillion of that about 8%
is in active ETFs.
>> While they represent only 8% of the
total AUM, this year they've gathered
almost 30% of the net flows.
>> And roughly speaking, every two years
they double in size. So this is kind of
a big trend that is impacting the ETF
industry globally.
>> Yeah. And in Asia, we're seeing a lot of
that innovation come to the region as
well. Where do you see as the more
opportunities really.
>> Asia is a little bit behind the US when
it comes to active ETF adoption because
our first active ETF was launched in
Australia in 2015. Uh that's for the
industry compared to the US 2008. So
we're almost 7 years behind the US in
terms of active ETFs. And here in our
region, it's only 5% of the total. So
there's $2 trillion listed locally in
Asia Pacific, but only about 100 billion
is in active ETFs. And it's
predominantly in the two markets that
launched them first, meaning Australia
and Korea.
>> And what what's what's the why here?
Like why are we seeing all the net
inflows and why are we seeing it
doubling almost every year to what would
you attribute that?
>> I think active ETF is an improvement on
the ETF vehicle that is used to be
predominantly only passive.
>> So think about um for example a
comparison between an active ETF and an
active mutual fund. The active ETF is
more transparent. You get to see on a
daily basis all of the holdings that you
have. In a mutual fund, you only get to
see it once a month.
>> Yeah.
>> Active ETFs is more liquid. They trade
on the exchange like any other ETF. And
they're also more costefficient because
they're typically priced at the
institutional share class of the mutual
fund. So if you have a mutual fund that
has 1% for the retail share class, the
institutional share class is 30 basis
points. The active ETF will be priced at
30 basis points. So it's more
transparent, more liquid, and more cost
efficient.
you just this new uh ETF when it comes
to, you know, US US tech that retail
investors in Asia can really get their
hands on now right now. Tell us what the
flows are like, right? Obviously,
there's still so much talk about the Mag
7 and really driving all the the bull
markets out here.
>> So, so in Asia as a region, we're
actually having a very strong year and
we just got almost to tr trillion
dollars of assets under management as a
region. So just put things in
perspective, 3 years ago in 2023, we're
just at 1 trillion. So almost doubled
the ETFs listed locally. At JP Morgan,
what we do is we have locally listed
products. We have 10 ETFs in China.
>> We have uh we are going to be launching
our first ETF in Taiwan.
>> That's next month, right?
>> Yes. October 22nd is the first listing
and we have nine ETFs listed in
Australia. But in addition to that, what
we've done is we've registered some of
our US ETFs in Japan and some of our
European ETFs in Singapore. So every
market in Asia has a different strategy
for us, but we're trying to think about
the market and find the best solutions
for it.
>> No, no, go ahead. Go ahead.
>> Yes. For example, here in Hong Kong, we
partnered with Hongang and back in July,
they launched the first ever master
feeder structure where the ETF was an
active ETF by JP Morgan listed here. So
every market in Asia has a different
approach and we try to adapt our
strategy to have locally listed products
or locally registered products in the
region. Now with the pickup in active
ETFs the and you you mentioned this
comparison with mutual funds earlier on.
I mean conceptually it it seems like
that is near a zero sum game. In other
words, why would mutual funds continue
to
>> y
>> it exists but I guess in practice it
might be slightly different right so how
do you bring the cost out as far as the
you know on the ETF side is concerned?
So first of all, I don't think that ETFs
will replace mutual fund. There's a
place for both in investor portfolios.
And probably JP Morgan is one of the
only asset managers globally that has
net flows in both of our mutual fund
complex as well as our ETF complex.
>> Sometimes uh maybe it's misconceived
that the clients that are buying mutual
funds and ETF are identical. They're not
necessarily the same. Okay, mutual funds
are sold, ETFs are bought. And in Asia
Pacific, for example, beyond what is
listed locally in the region, which is
two trillion, we estimate that there's
about$1 trillion dollars from Asian
money going into US ETFs or European
ETFs. So that's sovereign wealth funds,
pensions, insurance companies, asset
managers that maybe don't typically buy
mutual funds that are buying ETFs to do
their asset allocation from that
perspective.
>> Understand?
>> I know a lot of your focus is on the US.
What about China right now? I mean,
obviously we're in bull markets. uh how
much interest are you hearing from from
your clients?
>> So we actually have 10 ETFs listed in
China including one that just listed two
days ago.
>> Uh so this is a big focus for us. Uh we
are one of the only global asset
managers that have a local presence over
there and so we've listed 10 ETFs so far
roughly about $4 billion of assets under
management. And also the place where the
products are listed as well as the
underlying are. So we have some China
linked ETFs listed in the US or in
Europe.
>> So the doicile of the ETF and what it's
linked to is different.
>> Right. It's almost as if you're giving
your clients wherever they are in the
world the flavor of the other part of
the world.
>> Correct.
>> Is that a good way to put it? You know
what's also picked up recently? Covered
calls, higher Yes.
>> income, higher yield strategies.
>> Yes.
>> How much influence are you seeing there?
and are you know strategically is that
something that makes sense longer term
what do you think is behind that flow
>> so I was earlier at a Bloomberg event
here where I was in a panel we were
asked to predict what would be most
successful this year in terms of
products of course it's very hard to
predict that kind of uh specific product
uh disclosure but what I did mention is
that the one certainty this year is
going to be a lot of uncertainty and
between tariffs and what happened on
liberation day as well as the
geopolitical situation volatility is
heightened now the one product that does
well in this kind of environment are
these covered call strategies. Okay?
>> Because the higher the volatility, the
more income the investors can get out of
these products. And that's why if you
look at active ETFs in the US, in
Europe, and ETFs in the region, the most
successful products in terms of net
flows have been these covered call
strategies because the more volatile the
market, the higher the income the
investor gets.
>> But it doesn't quite bode well when it
when there's bull markets, right? It
caps the upside because it's limited to
the strike price, right? So the investor
is giving up the upside above a certain
amount but in what they're getting in
return is the recurrent consistent
income. So these of covered call
strategies that started from a ground
start maybe 5 years ago now represent
170 billion worldwide as a category and
JP Morgan is a leader in this category.
We have about 75 billion in covered call
strategies listed in the US and Europe
and we bring those strategies either via
this master feeder structure okay that I
described for Hong Kong or registering
them or basically sending them to
institutional clients in the region.
>> I think the forecast of our analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence Rebecca you might
know of course she's joining us on the
shows in a couple of minutes is that you
guys will be number one globally in
active ETFs. That's her prediction. Yes.
>> I agree with her. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We're there in terms of flows.
We're actually number one last year and
this year year to date in terms of flows
and active ETFs. So JP Morgan has about
150 ETFs globally
>> and 300 billion in assets under
management. But what makes us different
from all the other ETF issuers is that
75% of all of our ETFs are inactive.
>> And so we are number one in terms of
flows and aspire to be the best active
ETF provider in the world.
>> What about in China? are active ETFs is
that likely going to
>> they exist but they are there are
restrictions in terms of Asia Pacific as
a region in terms of what active ETFs
you can do the only market that is
similar to the US that allows
non-transparent active ETF using
derivatives is Australia but every other
market in our region has some
constraints for example Korea requires
you to have a correlation to the
benchmark China has a tracking error
budget so you cannot deviate too much
from the index in the US you can deviate
as much as you want so they exist But
they're still new in China.
>> And do you get a sense that is a from
from an investor protection standpoint
that you can't sway too much from beta
and the index itself? Why do you think
that exists and do you see the changing?
In fact, the this regulatory friction
>> I think it's a matter of time. As I
mentioned, our region is a little bit
behind the US. So the first active ETF
was launched in the US in 2008. In our
region, it was 2015 in Australia. But
only at the end of last year, for
example, did Taiwan approve active ETF.
So I think it's just a matter of time
before every market kind of approves
active ETFs and that's why actually
we're entering the Taiwan ETF market
because they can now launch active ETFs
in Taiwan and it's a very interesting
>> what's happening there. Can you tell us
I mean obviously ETFs are big in Taiwan
but what do you think is really driving
that?
>> Sure. So 7 years ago Taiwan was the
second smallest markets in all of Asia
Pacific when it came to active to ETFs
in general. They only had $20 billion of
assets under management. Today, Taiwan
has $230 billion, almost 10fold in seven
years, and it surpassed Australia,
Korea, and Hong Kong to become now the
third largest market after China, Japan,
Taiwan. So, that's why it's a very
interesting market, and it's a good mix
between individual investors. There's 15
million individual accounts buying these
ETFs, but also institutional clients.
About half of the investors in the
Taiwan locally listed ETFs are
institutional clients. Phipe, nice to
see you.
>> Great.
>> Have a great weekend ahead. Yeah, it's
been it's been rough weatherwise, but
all things equal. I think we're we're
doing okay. Uh, hi to the team as well.
Philipe Elazar there, APAC head of ETF,
direct and digital at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Yep. As Zivan is pointing
out, it's a bit of a theme today. Uh,
and it's Friday, I think, is the spin
there. ETFs more in a few minutes. Of
course, Sylvia John will be joining us
out of E funds there uh to discuss also
a pair of new ones. It's one on AI, the
other one to the point we were just
making on dividend plays. And yeah,
we're counting down to the open of trade
just over 8 minutes away. We're looking
at pharmace up on your screen very
shortly. Yeah, the new tariffs in place
today. 2% to the downside. New
pre-markets. Hanging index going into
the open today looking like this. This
is the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Um, a lot of themes
to track here. So, one is really this
pullback we're seeing in uh, CGBs. This
is the index itself, our index that
tracks that lowest since April. As far
as this is concerned, we're down 3 days
going into today. Um 30-year futures is
just another way of looking at this.
More specifically, this one actually
actually at the lowest level going back
to March of this year. So, we are on
track for 3 weeks of this backing up in
longdated Chinese bond yields. There's a
three-year bond auction today, just to
mention that as well. But yeah,
certainly something that we're tracking
amidst this sort of seessaw between
CGBs, the bond markets, and of course
the equity market. that's done
exceptionally well of late.
>> Yeah. So, it continues to see that sort
of rotation u back into this equity
market perhaps. Uh so, we'll see how
this fares, but today you are seeing a
lot of headwinds in terms of what we saw
when it comes to the Fed discussion
given the data that we got overnight
plus stronger dollar plus tariffs. So,
it might be a bit of a triple whammy
here in terms of what to navigate
through to wrap up this trading week.
There you go. Hangen is lower by 810 of
1%. Pharma seems to be the focus here as
Trump did announce 100% tariffs uh when
it comes to branded or patented
pharmaceutical products starting from
October 1st. That's why you're seeing
the likes of Beijing down some 3 and a
half% or more. Furniture was also the
target here this time. So, we're talking
about some of these uh when it comes to
Hong Kong listed uh furniture sort of
companies too as well. I think Manwa was
one of the ones that we found as well.
Here's what they're looking like here
right now. yawning it off actually.
>> Yeah, not doing too much. Horizon
Robotics, right? So, there's a placement
there. Uh they are offering shares 979
to 1029 each here. So, they're raising
about $843 million there. Share
placement down there. They're downward
about 5% for that stock. Crypto firm.
So, so we saw certainly a slump in
crypto which we've been talking about as
well. Maybe because due to some of the
dollar strength, maybe due to the
riskoff moves that we're seeing, but we
definitely saw it in in Ether overnight,
Bitcoin as well. Uh we are seeing some
of these crypto related stocks to the
downside today.
>> Yeah, we took out 110,000 there as you
can see on Bitcoin. We're a little bit
higher in the Friday session of the Asia
Pacific, but certainly it has been one
asset class along with many other risk
assets correlated to each other that
have been taken a backseat as this the
broader undercurrent is really this move
back into the dollar. You have stronger
data out of the US. You have some Fed
cuts well a fraction of the Fed cuts
that were priced this time last week are
being priced out. out yet the dollar
coming through set for one of its best
weeks so far in 2025. So there is that
of course to contend with plus the
broader conversations around all this
uncertainty around tariffs yet again.
Well that's Friday for us. The open is
next. This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Shows. Bit of a personal rant on my end.
So, I went for a haircut actually early
this week. I think they did a little bit
too much. I now look like an anxious
dog. Um, but anyway, they I think we can
try.
>> Now, you got Now you have to show
>> sort this a little bit. So, it's uneven.
And
>> yeah, we'll we'll work this out maybe.
Yeah,
>> we don't want to be distracting on air.
There's lots of news to to talk about.
>> Yeah, you're definitely distracting
everyone right now. Okay, let's markets
as we wrap up the trade week. I mean,
it's been a long week, right? It has
been a long week.
>> We went through a a super typhoon. Uh
markets were certainly um very
interesting given what the news and the
dollar is making a comeback. Tariffs are
making a comeback as well.
>> Who would have thought that?
>> And it really has kind of upended this
kind of rally that we've seen uh in most
markets and China included here given
what we've seen. So CGBs, we talked
about that just a bit here, but we are
still uh talking about downside when it
comes to onshore equity markets here
today. We're down about 31% the CSI 300.
I think on week we're still expected to
see some pretty decent gains though for
the week. But there you go. 30-year
yield though, we're coming off a little
bit. We're down some two basis points,
but as Dave mentioned, that 30-year
yield has been the highest we've seen of
this year already. So, but today we are
seeing a little bit of that rotation
back into bonds here, maybe given the
riskoff moves we're seeing in equity
markets. Uh we continue to watch what
goes on with CL. That continues to be an
up arrow story here after the upgrade
from JP Morgan yesterday. This whole ESS
demand seems to have made CL more like a
AI play than just you know EVs Dave of
late because
>> they're moving into that part of the
supply chain.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So really it's interesting. uh you
take a look at when it comes to Hong
Kong certainly we're focused very much
on uh whether it's what we're seeing in
the pharma side of things furniture
stocks and what and there you go it
looks like it's a pretty ugly day here
in Hangen we're down about 1% tech is on
offer and you're seeing Alibaba there
you go after what has been a pretty good
week for them we are seeing some profit
taking potentially in the tech space
here so Alibaba is down 1% same goes to
mtoan Xiaomi is also lower but there's a
lot of anticipation about this phone is
also the 17 that they're launching just
the 17. It's also the 17. They wanted to
match it. They didn't have a 16. I know
they skipped a model just to match it
with the iPhone launch. See what they
did there?
>> So there's a bit of a comparison. The
CEO took two hours in that presentation
by the way comparing that product with
Apple's. Uh there you go. So there you
go. We're seeing 10 cents slightly to
the downside here today. But it's really
you're seeing downside when it comes to
Alibaba. These are the the AI darlings
as well. Mtoan Xiaomi also this morning.
China pharma stocks. That's the one to
watch given what you've been seeing in
the pharma space. There's a lot of
uncertainty what this means, right?
Because 100% pharma tariffs, yes, sounds
pretty scary on the headline, but there
are caveats to it, right? So, companies
that are building their pharmaceutical
manufacturing plants in America will be
exempted. That's according to Trump in
that true social post uh without
including any more details. So, right
now, the knee-jerk reaction is to just
sell on some of these stocks here. We're
down about 5% for Beijing. Pharma,
Maran, Beijing also down as well. Um, so
that's one to watch. And then we have to
talk about everything from crypto. I
mean, everything's basically in some
seen some risk off here.
>> Yeah, we talked about these crypto, you
know, Bitcoin taking out 110,000. So
that's one group of stocks we're
tracking today. On top of that, maybe on
the on the upside is things like
precious metals, for example, with gold,
you know, we talked about gold a lot
already. Silver topping 45 uh dollars
for the first time since 2011. In fact,
if you had a look at my chart, we're
about seven and a half% from setting a
fresh record there for silver. I guess
we can get to that uh in a moment, but
this tariff conversation is really
taking us back here. So, it takes effect
on October the 1st, and it doesn't help,
I guess, we'll talk about this graphic
in a moment. Uh it doesn't help that,
you know, bioarm has been one of the
best performing sectors here in Hong
Kong. So, so there's that temptation to
take money off the table even if these
names aren't directly uh involved in
this in in this conversation. Okay,
let's go to let's talk about ETF now,
right? So, uh you have and let's take
the story back to China, right? Because
the fact that the market has really
found a solid floor on one part has been
because of all the flows coming in from
the national team to support the market.
Obviously, there's the AI theme that's
taking us a little bit higher as well.
$180 billion of assets as of the end of
August. Uh Bloomberg Intelligence says a
unit of China sovereign wealth fund we
sent talked about the central huin has
reaped more than 50 million in paper
gains because of their presence in this
part of the market. Let's bring in
Rebecca Sin our senior ETF analyst to
help us understand what is going on
right now. Give us an update of the
overall market and we can talk about
these other themes.
>> So the central hygiene which is also
called the national team is a sovereign
wealth of China. They have been
purchasing ETFs at a record speed. So
since 20 uh 2023 they've purchased close
to $180 billion worth of ETFs. We did an
analysis of when they purchased to mark
tomarket now at the end of August it
accounted for roughly at least $50
billion in profit. So a record number of
for ETFs and what they've ultimately
done and this is the first time ever
they said that they're going to use ETFs
to prop up the market. So what we've
seen is when the CSI 300 drops below
3,300 they would come in and buy ETFs.
And so they're replicating what Bank of
Japan did with using ETFs to support and
prop up the market. And so it's been
very interesting um to follow this trend
because they've never done this before,
but they're also buying at a much
quicker speed. So Bank of Japan started
purchasing ETFs in 2010 and only last
week did they say they're going to start
unwinding their position. And so now if
we look at China, they've only just
started buying the past two years. But
what this has mean for the ETF market is
that overall one um it's made ETF
approval much quicker in China now. And
so they're approving ETFs at a much
faster speed now. There's a lot more
fixed income being approved. Um they've
created a repo market that they're
testing where you could use your ETF as
collateral and then take that cash and
invest it into something else. They're
also uh in the process of approving
foreign market makers um to allow the
foreign markets makers like J Street
Flow Traders, Jump, Optiver to come in
and be official market makers on Chinese
names. So overall, it's been beneficial
for the ecosystem and it's definitely
boost the sentiment in China. What about
the ETF market in Hong Kong and what's
sort of the the correlation to China
this crossber investment?
>> So if we look at flows in mainland
China, more than 50% of the flows this
year have gone into Hong Kong ETFs and
so this is an amazing number. So like
for instance HSN tech up almost 40% this
year. A lot of investors in China are
looking to diversify their portfolio and
coming to Hong Kong. So ultimately this
is very good for Hong Kong. The Hong
Kong ETF market is up close to 70
billion in assets under management. And
just today, EUN is launching two new
ETFs on the market. They have the um AI
tech and a high dividend ETF. In Hong
Kong, high div ETFs have done
phenomenally well. Uh as Philippe
mentioned earlier this year, Hang has a
high dividend ETF. It got the most daily
inflows this year um ever at 83 days.
So, if you think of that, that's a
record number. We were hoping that they
would break a 100 um but they only just
launched in April. So in Hong Kong,
we're seeing a lot of people interested
in ETFs and the main interest is
ultimately dividend. People are looking
for income and in Hong Kong, we have one
of the highest income products in the
region. So for instance,
>> how much how much dividend yield do I
get?
>> The maximum is 16%. Let's get to it.
Okay. On a monthly basis,
>> this is a phenomenal amount.
>> That's annual. I'll tell you that it's
annual, but yeah, 16%.
>> 16%. And so in Asia Pacific, uh,
investors are really in search of income
and yield. And between Hong Kong,
Taiwan, we've seen a lot of, uh, double
digit returns. In the US you don't get
this. So for instance if we look at
active ETF JP Morgan's uh premium equity
ETF Jeppy which they partner up with
Hanks Hang that gives on average 8 to
10% okay income on on an
>> what's the 16% one
>> the 16 one is a near ETF. Okay. Um the
Hang one is I think is at 12%. So still
phenomenal. And in Taiwan we see the
same thing in Taiwan you have double
digit returns uh mainly because of TSMC
and how well it has done.
>> Fantastic. Okay lots to lots to munch on
there. Rebecca thank you so much.
Rebecca Sin, our Blue Brick
Intelligence, senior ETF analysts.
Staying on theme here, China's largest
asset management company, Eunding
ETFs in Hong Kong today. One is on this
broader popular theme that's picked up
of late, AI. You might have heard about
it. Uh the other is on the one we just
talked about there with Rebecca income
and high dividend. Sylvia Jang is a
global index strategist at Eund
Management and joins us right now. Good
morning and very nice to see you.
>> Good to be here.
>> So tell us about these two strategies.
Why now and why these two specifically?
>> Yeah, I think for the global AI one, we
think that it currently is kind of the
right time to invest in the global AI. I
think to invest in global global uh AI,
there are two two things we really
consider. The first one, it's really
important to take a full industry uh
approach. Basically, uh we have to
invest in not only computing power but
also the models and also the
applications and not only like a piece
of area or a piece of sector, right? And
second one is that it's a global trend.
It's not only like we should invest in
only one country or or one region. And
we think that there are two
prerequisites for the for the AI uh
development. The first one you know is
computing power and data. The second one
is a top tier like talent. So in this
two area both China and United States I
think obviously hold a significant lead.
So that's why we created this global AI
ETF mainly focus in China and United
States. So I think that's for the AI.
>> Yeah, I mean that certainly has
um intensified, right? Can you take a
look at the two, you know, China and US
competing when it comes to the whole AI
race here, ecosystems? Um how do you
think is the best way to capitalize on
these investment opportunities?
uh I think you know this AI trend I
think we there should be three stages
especially comes from the valuation
side. The first stage actually you know
begins in this I think the beginning of
this year triggered by the deepseek. I
think you know this kind of gives us a
valuation recovery to about multiples of
about 20 and currently I think we are in
the kind of the second stage where we
see that the impact of of AI
commercialization actually become
visible in all the financial reports and
uh we do believe that looking ahead the
third stage which lies ahead is like uh
with the along with the further you know
the AI applications
especially the AI agents and cloud
services will unlock the huge potential
for the next stage valuation expansion.
>> So this AI ETF one, it's interesting
that you point it out because this is
actually a bet on both.
>> Yeah,
>> it's bet both. So you don't have to pick
one and certainly there is people talk
about it's a zero sum game. H So how
much does it cost? What's what's what's
the what's the cost ratio for this? And
effectively what are we how do you guys
come up with the constituency that that
go that goes into what is what what is
it what does it track basically?
Basically it's tracking the footy global
AI selector index and mainly mainly
focusing in China and uh US and just as
I mentioned that it's taking a full
industry approach selecting from company
power to models and to AI applications.
Sure. And total TR is about 90 basis
point.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> 90 basis point.
>> Okay. Let's talk about the the dividend
one. Um that's gaining a lot of traction
in in Hong Kong. Why do you think that's
happening and what's what's behind this
momentum? I think just as uh Rebecca
mentioned that you know in terms of the
investment objective people are not only
solely focused on the you know the
higher capital gains there's a strong
demand for also the stable cash
distribution especially when we look
globally you know uh there's a I think
an increasing demand for all the cash
dividend paying uh ETFs especially
especially in United States and also in
Europe and second one is that you know
if we look at the global global dividend
stocks. It's very interesting because
you know in terms of shareholder returns
basically the United States or the
British they favor share buybacks over
dividend. However, when we look at the
AP pack development markets it's quite
different
uh companies tend to you know offer more
dividend dividends over the share
buybacks. So that's why we chose this
you know Asia Pacific development
markets to to increase to to create like
a multiple region high dividend yield
strategy. Yeah.
>> Okay. Now what are your expectations as
far as AUM? Do you have any initial
projections of how much what you think
will go in and how much you think will
eventually come into your strategies
here?
>> Um yeah we do think that if we look at
the because this two ETFs are eligible
for the ETF connect. If you look at the
phone that's good to know. Okay.
>> Yeah. So if you look at the phone flows
we know that uh in terms of the sector
all the sector ETFs two category really
stand out. The first one is robotics the
second one is AI ETFs. So we do think
that uh there should be the significant
amount of inflow from China, China,
mainland and what's interesting is that
we know that this year actually the
institutional investors especially
interest uh investors they increased a
lot their positions into the sector
related ETFs especially the tech
related. I think that's the first one.
The second one was really interesting is
that the dividend ETFs also attracted a
lot of net inflows within the smart beta
like category. And what's also very
interesting is that we have seen that
actually institutional investors are
kind of trimming their positions.
However, the retail investors are adding
their position positions to this
dividend strategy. So
>> why do you think that dynamic exists? I
do believe that it's kind of because a
lot of uh insertion investors may kind
of taking profits or rotate to other
sectors. However, you know the interest
rate of deposit is quite low in China.
So basically retail investors are
seeking to some higher yields. You know
because of this ah ah premium thing the
dividend yield of Hong Kong stock market
is really good. So I think that's maybe
part of the reason
>> the we just had a conversation with
Rebecca you just heard there and of
course one of your peers out of JP
Morgan and you know one of the concerns
that might be where the industry is
actually headed is just too many
products too many products
>> what do you think of the that specific
risk that they're just there's too many
that people are getting confused already
in terms of what to choose
>> you you mean too many to choose too many
ETF products in the market right now.
>> Yeah, I I I don't really understand. I
think the one of the characteristics uh
of Chinese investors is that they prefer
higher elasticity sometimes especially
in the bull market. Okay.
>> So basically if I look at the look at
data or maybe give you some example our
uh our robotics ETFs it really offers
the high elasticity whenever the
robotics when ETFs goes up. Okay. So
basically I think if we look at the
investment behavior behind all different
types of ETFs some some some uh ETFs
really give you some niche uh exposure
to certain theme.
>> Silia it's great to have you thank you
so much Sylvia Jung there global index
strategist at EUN management. And if you
are a subscriber and want to rewatch
that interview you can also join us on
our interactive TV function TV go. You
can rewatch some of the big interviews
of the day and become part of the
conversation. You can send us instant
messages or even questions for our
guests throughout the shows. Check it
out at TV go.
[Music]
We're keeping an eye out on New World
stock this morning. That's after the
Hong Kong builder secured a $58 million
loan. It actually does though fall short
of the high end of its initial target.
Let's bring in Bloomberg's China credit
reporter Trisha Lua on more on this
loan. I mean 75% less than the upper
end. Yes.
>> Of of that target that was seeking
earlier. So what does it tell us about
New World now?
>> Yeah. So at least it managed to secure
um the around 4 billion uh Hong Kong
dollar loan, right? And is backed by
Victoria Doai is crown drill assets in
the city. But initially um the builder
actually aims to raise 15.6 billion Hong
Kong dollar backed by that collateral.
So it's actually falling short but I
think investor expected um they can uh
raise something but not achieve that
amount. So it's not I won't say it's a
huge surprise or disappointment to the
market because everyone know um some
existing uh lenders already say they're
reluctant to add their exposure to this
snakes. But I I will say like all in all
it's good to have this. Um but
definitely they need more money right
now.
>> Yeah. And you know we'll get a better
glimpse of the financial health of the
company because they're releasing
earnings today. What what are we looking
out for specifically on this in this
earnings report?
>> Yeah. I think people are uh keen to see
um their latest financial numbers
including incomes, SSLs, gearing etc.
And then um I think investor also came
to see um you know what they are going
to use this fresh money to do right will
they tender bonds uh what would they use
this money for so I think there's some
key questions uh people are looking at
and whether uh new world would talk
about uh their you know forward-looking
plans to deal with it dollar bonds and
also um whether they will talk about the
capital injection plans u we reported
earlier so there are still lots of
questions around this name and investor
are definitely keep a close eye on this.
>> Yeah, I don't doubt you will help us
find out, right? All right, Trista Lo
there, our China credit reporter on what
to watch. Of course, New World Reports
later uh today, right? Uh for our
clients and viewers, you can get an
insidider guide of the money and people
shaking up Hong Kong the finance hub.
Our Hong Kong edition newsletter out
every Thursday one yesterday of course
was focused in on the weather.
>> All about storm watching, storm
forecasting, the thankless job of being
the observatory given these extreme
weather conditions. really unsung heroes
in some ways as well. You can check it
out and sign up through the website
blubber.comnewsletters.
[Music]
Here's some corporate stories that we're
tracking for you today. Alphabet's
Google is asking the US Supreme Court to
pause a ruling that would force it to
overhaul Play Store policies. Google
warned in a filing that without a delay,
the company and its Android ecosystem
will suffer inreparable harm. The move
stems from his long-running antirust
fight with Fortnite maker Epic Games.
And Buber has learned that Croup moved
nearly a thousand tech jobs to India's
business support centers following cuts
to its workforce in China. Sources say
the Wall Street lender shifted the jobs
in phases over the past few months. Now,
back in June, City Group announced plans
to cut its technology workforce in China
by about 3500 as part of its global
simplification efforts. Xiaomi has
unveiled a new smartphone designed to
take on Apple's iPhone 17. The new
device called Xiaomi 17 will be offered
in Pro and Pro Max models, just like
Apple's Marquee series. Now, it will
cost around $630 to $840. That's more
than $100 cheaper than the base iPhone
17. The move signals Xiaomi going after
Apple in the most direct fashion,
shifting the company's branding and
timing to measure its products against
the US firm. Even the names are pretty
similar, right? Pro Max.
>> Well, I thought, you know, we were
>> even the looks, right?
>> Even the look, we were prepping the
segment earlier on and we with the Well,
does the new iPhone have four cameras at
the
>> No.
>> Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Okay.
But yeah,
>> making public our ignorance because that
one had four and I'm like, "Oh, like
since when do you need Well, since when
do you need three?"
>> It looks It looks very similar.
>> Yeah.
>> Enough for the CEO to spend a lot of
time during that launch comparing the
two
>> and the number 16 is having a bad week.
What you know, why did you have to skip
the 16? We'll talk more about this uh
later on, of course. Okay, let's stay on
theme here. It's Apple. We talked about
uh iPhones there. Of course, Apple has
had is long led the Silicon Valley in
terms of tech, but in the world of AI,
it's actually falling behind, and
continued missteps could actually
threaten the iPhone's dominance. Here,
Bloomberg Originals looks at what went
wrong and if Apple can catch can catch
up. Here's a preview.
>> Siri, what's the name of the guy I had a
meeting with a couple of months ago at
Cafe Grenell?
>> You met Zach Winggate at Cafe Grenell.
Sad.
>> Actor Bella Ramsay was bailed out by a
new version of Apple's Siri that was
meant to be available for all.
>> That feature still has not been
released. Originally supposed to come
out April, May of 2025, but now it's on
track for spring 2026.
>> Apple took down the ad and is facing a
lawsuit over the delay. But the
disconnect exposed a deeper issue. The
company was losing ground in the AI
race.
>> They totally missed the boat. There was
indecision. There was lack of concern
that this could become a real thing.
>> This is a story about how hard it can be
to stay on top.
>> AI is something that wasn't in their
DNA.
>> Continued failure doesn't just hurt
Siri. It could threaten the iPhone's
dominance. The product line accounts for
more than half of Apple's revenue. So
missteps with what's become its most
noticeable missing features could be
devastating.
>> We saw this for many decades. Nokia was
at the very top of the phone industry.
Apple came out with a much better
mousetrap. Blackberry was at the top of
the industry. Apple came out with a
better mousetrap. They are going to be
in danger of the next Apple being
created if they don't get their act
together soon with some serious
acquisitions, changes, and partnerships.
[Music]
>> Oh.
>> Oh, thought my computer was starting up.
Isn't that like a sort of I'm getting
flashbacks of uni here. Okay. Um, Jansy
copper and a lot of these miners in
focus today. Copper's obviously seen a
massive pick up this week. On top of
that, you want exposure to both. Zigjun
of course has both copper exposure and
also to the uh gold space and precious
metals and of course they're looking
ahead to the IPO of course next week.
Uh, Asia defense stocks in focus amidst
this real pivot and 180 as pertains to
well Ukraine for one. Uh, so we'll talk
more about this in a moment. It's
playing out mildly across these markets
and I'm being extremely generous with
that.
[Music]
All right, welcome back to the China
show. Happy Friday. We made it, guys. It
looks like Hong Kong is back to normal
really after what was that super
typhoon. So there you go. Hopefully we
can enjoy the weekend. But I hear
there's another storm coming as well.
>> Well, there's another one. Yeah. In
fact, right now it's it's in fact I
think hitting the Philippines. I don't
think looking at if I remember
correctly, the for I don't think it's
headed for Hong Kong.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but it's only a matter of time. It's
only what um late September. So we're
probably going to get a few more this
year.
>> Uh but we weathered this one quite
>> Yeah.
>> better than most.
>> Yeah. We're we're blessed here. If you
if you really think about how prepared
we are,
>> markets are not quite weathering it well
when it comes to what we're seeing uh
when it comes to stocks, right? So,
obviously, we've had Trump tariffs
that's spooking the pharma sort of
industry here this morning given the the
threat of 100% tariffs. That's certainly
one thing why we're seeing this retreat
among risk assets here today. Also,
there were some big signals uh from some
of the Fed officials as well, some data
that we got from the US overnight. So
certainly there's a lot to kind of sink
your teeth into, but that dollar
resurgence that certainly is becoming a
more emerging theme right now, Dave.
>> Yeah, and that's the pain trade, right?
Because a lot of people were expecting
the dollar to continue to weaken and
certainly that's not going to happen in
a straight line. And you do see really
the pain points of this showing up. When
the dollar starts to strengthen like
this, you get the likes of, you know,
the some of the sectors that have been
benefiting very well like tech for
example. I'm looking at the TX index now
is down 2%. Uh we'll talk about this in
a moment. TX is down 2%. We're looking
at Bitcoin. We talked about that early
on. Took out 110,000. So, yeah, this
dollar stories really come back in a in
a relatively bigger way than expected
going into the weekend here.
>> Yeah. So, we'll certainly talk about
that. Uh what does this mean, right, for
risk assets? Um you've been talking
about really that that CPI print that we
got out of Japan.
>> Yes, out of Tokyo today.
>> Pretty weak picture here. Does it
actually lead to the BOJ and refrains
them from hike this year? That certainly
is one key question, but BI says no, not
quite.
>> Yeah, our folks at Bloomberg Economics
think that soft CPI print will not
derail the plans to hike interest rates.
It certainly derailed some of the
positioning in the markets looking at
how the reaction was in in dollar yen.
So, you already had a stronger US dollar
and then you had the week CPI print uh
coming through. Uh I think it missed all
but three forecasts.
>> Yeah. uh on Tokyo CPI which I guess is
we'll we'll we'll go get into this a bit
further on but the the point we were
just making as well right the stronger
dollar is really hitting a lot of these
tech plays extremely hard today you have
the Cosby is down two and the Tyx index
is down 2% and of course Alibaba as the
big story we're down about 1% as a
cohort there in the Hangen tech index
but yeah pharma that's
>> let's go back to pharma that certainly
is the big focus here right now after
what we heard from President Trump right
planning 100% duties on branded or
patented pharmaceutical starting October
1st. Now, that's unless a firm is
building a manufacturing plant in
America. Let's get to our Asia Farmer
reporter Amber Ton joining us on what we
know so far. There's still a lot of
questions, but what do we know so far?
>> So, we know overnight that uh Trump
announced on Truth Social that he is
going well the US is going to impose
100% tariff on branded and patented
pharmaceuticals. And this is something
that he has telegraphed for months um
that he kept saying that pharma tariffs
are coming very very soon. And now we're
seeing we we have a number on it. Um but
basically it and we have the the caveat
a very important caveat as well. Uh drug
companies can be exempted from this
tariff if they have started building if
they have started construction or broken
ground on a manufacturing site in the
US. And that is something that we've
seen uh major pharmaceutical companies
pledging over the past few months. um by
one count they have collectively pledged
$350 billion in uh US investments over
the past few months. So um it remains
unclear
which pharmaceutical companies will be
exposed and which ones may be exempted
because of these investments in in the
US.
>> It I think it takes effect on October
1st and you know the caveat that if
you're building already in the US you're
exempted from that. It's kind of too
late to start building if you don't have
any plans, right? Because that that's
next week. So I guess people are trying
to figure out who really is affected by
this. Are you hearing anything so far
from your contacts in the industry or is
everyone still trying to figure this one
out?
>> So we know that this is going to be felt
across the whole industry because the US
is the largest pharmaceutical market in
the world. Okay.
>> So everyone wants to sell in the US.
Everyone makes money in the US. But here
in Asia, I think so far the reactions
I've been hearing from analysts are a
bit muted. Um and that's mostly because
well let's take China for example um
only very few Chinese companies actually
have drugs approved in the for sale in
the US and those who do either they have
US manufacturing facility or they're
partnering with a company that does um
and then for example if we look at Japan
or Australia um a lot of them have
similar arrangements there may be select
drugs that are exclusively manufactured
in Asia and then shipped to the us, but
it it's a very complicated supply chain
and it might be hard to pinpoint which
drug comes from where. Um, and so I
think people a lot of people expect the
impact will mostly be felt by um
European drug makers or companies with
uh large manufacturing presence in in
Europe because that's actually where a
lot of the um complex uh biologics,
complex therapies that make the most
money are manufactured. And in fact,
Trump himself has I think that the White
House has singled out Ireland as one
place that where a lot of pharmaceutical
products are manufactured and they want
to take that back from Ireland.
>> Okay, Amber, thank you. Amber Tong
there, our Asia Farmer reporter. And
pharma isn't the only sector in Trump's
crosshairs, right? Earlier, he also
announced industry specific tariffs
targeting heavy trucks as well as when
it comes to furniture. Let's bring in
Cameron Johnson, a senior partner at
Title Wave Solutions and joins us now
from DC. Um, you know, obviously we
we've seen terrorists come back on
headlines here. How are you interpreting
some of these latest lines that we're
seeing from the Trump administration?
>> So, this is just the uh continuation of
a very long process that will continue
to go on probably for the rest of
administration. And I think some of what
we need to look at is uh as Amber just
stated there are some signals previously
of what they want to try to reshore or
what they will tariff. But at the same
time they are going to try to go after
uh instances of what they see as uh
flooding the market which is what the
truth social tweet was about
particularly in regards to furniture and
cabinets. So this is just kind of the
continuation of the process of tariffs
that we'll see for probably the rest of
the administration.
All right. So, I mean, does this derail
the progress we've seen broadly speaking
on uh you know, we we just learned about
the Tik Tok conversation and the
progress there and we're now looking
ahead to potentially of course that
meeting between the two. Does does one
affect the other Cameron in your view?
>> Not for China. Uh it it will definitely
affect some negotiations particularly,
for example, with additional
negotiations with Japan and South Korea.
For example, Samsung Biologics that does
monoconal antibodies, they don't have a
facility in the US, but they do have R&D
in San Francisco. And so, it's really
unclear what exactly is a manufacturing
facility. Uh, none of this is actually
clarified. And to your point, this is
one of the biggest issues we have is we
don't know what it actually mean, what
these statements mean. Is a
manufacturing plant mean you have to
manufacture for everything in the US?
Does it mean you can just have a a lab
setup and you can produce? It's really
unclear. At the end of the day though,
90% of all prescriptions written in the
US are generally for generic drugs and
this particular um uh order doesn't seem
to hit APIs, the active ingredients in
drugs. So tempor for the short term, it
may not have as big a hit as we think,
but as these becomes more clear, uh it
could have a much bigger impact down the
road.
Can you tell us I I know it's still a
lot of unanswered questions, but in
terms of who is most exposed or what
countries are most exposed, are we able
to kind of, you know, find some winners
and losers in all this right now?
>> So, it's a bit of a mixed bag. Uh, for
example, the
>> anybody who does not have a
manufacturing plant uh in the US is
exposed. But for example, uh, Noardis,
uh, is investing $23 billion to build or
expand 10 US plants. Um, but again, part
of the challenge with understanding what
the current tariff situation is, is that
only for specific products or does that
mean if you're producing any product in
your portfolio, you are now exempt from
tariffs as long as something is produced
in the United States? All of this is
unclear. Another one that I'm watching
is kind of the Takata Pharmaceuticals
which is in Japan because they export a
lot of drugs that are used in different
oncology practices and rare diseases.
They do have some manufacturing in the
US but again it's a smaller footprint.
Uh but it is unclear exactly how this is
going to be hit overall and which
countries will take the brunt.
So Cameron, what do what do we need to
know? like what what clarity would you
would you be looking for right now for
it to be I guess from a motivation
standpoint for this to be actionable uh
on the part of well the targets right
pharma companies
>> yeah the first is uh the 100% tariffs
actually means what does it mean uh 100%
on top of the current tariffs for
example if you're a European firm and
Europe is at 15% does this mean now all
of these products are now 110 or 115%
uh that's number one number two is what
exactly is the definition of a
manufacture ing plant um is the again
what's the volume uh what is the actual
APIs that have to be imported to do that
and third really is um who's buying it
for example uh if the US government uh
is buying these drugs is there an
exemption because obviously you don't
want cost uh the government to have
increased cost so those are some of the
things that we need to understand moving
forward
>> a lot of Chinese companies have been
relying I guess you could say Cameron on
these kind of outlicicensing deals
um to kind of expand overseas. Do you
think that model is definitely in
question now?
>> Not at the moment. And part of it is
because we just don't have the clarity.
But if you're licensing, obviously
you're not exporting yourself into the
United States. And so at the moment they
should be shielded from that. Now, the
US could come out and say, "Listen, we
need to, you know, have um drugs that
aren't tied to a Chinese pharmaceutical
supply chain or even R&D because of
national security, but at the moment,
they haven't done that." So, if you're
just licensing and somebody else is
producing it, uh that's not your
problem. You're still going to get that
revenue and you're still going to be
able to continue to license those
products across the board.
>> Uh real quickly, Cameron, you got
furniture, cabinets, trucks that are now
tariff now. How should we be looking at
this and the impact we could see in this
in this part of the world?
>> So for trucks, it's a lower impact
primarily out of Japan. Uh but for
Vietnam, Thailand, uh China, cabinets
and furniture are absolutely going to be
a killer. Um and again, at the moment,
for example, Vietnam's at a 20% rate. If
they add for the upholstery as well as
the furniture, that could additionally
be a total of a 50 to 70% rate. that
basically means you're on par with China
and your sales are no longer as
competitive as they were. So, this could
really affect supply chains moving
forward, particularly since there aren't
aren't that many places that can make
those kind of products in Asia. It's
basically China, Cambodia to some
degree, Vietnam, and a little bit in
Thailand.
>> Yeah. And affecting renovation plans and
budgets, right? Um, we can talk about
that next time. Cameron, thank you so
much uh for staying up as well. Cameron
Johnson there. um out of the United
States for us, our senior partner at
Tidal Wave Solutions. Okay, you know, we
just talked about the weather here and
this typhoon of course that is currently
affecting the Philippines. You have the
central bank now talking about how it
will be suspending essential banking
services from 100 p.m. local uh because
of the typhoon taking place. Uh more on
that in a moment once we have more
understanding really of what essential
banking services actually means. Is that
physically closing the branches? Um more
on that of course as we try and
understand more. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Uh welcome back. Happy Friday
morning to all of you. Uh you're
watching the China show. It's been
nearly a year since HSBC announced this
major overhaul uh to its businesses
under of course CEO and certainly one of
the big changes that's really taken
place has been the creation of this new
international wealth and premier banking
arm.
>> Yeah. Joining us exclusively now is the
head of one of its segments under it HSC
HSBC group insurance CEO Edward Monreef.
No, they've been pushing into legacy
planning and get this, just issued a
life coverage of over $400 million to a
Singaporean family.
>> Oh, you got me. I'm not I'm not
Singaporean, but yeah.
>> Um, here to tell us more is Edward.
Edward, it's great to have you here uh
in the studios. Tell us more about these
jumbo policies. Why do you think they
work when it comes to some of your high
net worth clients?
>> Yeah, thank you for having me. Um, as I
said, as you mentioned, we we issued
over $400 million of coverage to to meet
the wealth transfer needs of a family in
Singapore earlier this quarter. Uh,
that's on the back of issuing similarly
another $400 million of coverage to a
family in Hong Kong. So, it's part of a
wider trend that we're seeing where
first generation wealth creators across
Asia are now looking to leave a legacy
and we're seeing the rise really of
international wealth and the roles that
Hong Kong and Singapore and their
insurance markets are playing in in
capturing that internationalization of
estate planning. So, this is I think the
tip of the iceberg and we'll see more to
come.
>> And it's that's down to I think you
mentioning just during the break the
fact that Asia is getting older. We're
also getting richer as well. How are you
dealing with the risk management part of
that? Because these are fairly extreme
obligations if if it came to it.
>> Yeah, I this is a good great question. I
there's a few things there. I mean,
firstly, these are long-term contracts
that that we're writing that where we're
creating financial commitments over over
decades and over generations, right?
This is around intergenerational wealth
transfer that allows us as a long-term
investor to apply multi-asset allocation
capabilities and our institutional asset
management capabilities to ensure that
we can preserve this risk. And and
again, one of the reasons I believe
we're we're succeeding or we're
attracting this wealth is because we're
part of a large banking group that
frankly has been a custodian of wealth
in Asia for over a century. You know,
we've got a fortress balance sheet.
We've got very strong credit ratings,
you know, and that allows customers to
feel confident that they can leave money
with us for prolonged periods of times
and that we will safely wrap, preserve,
and transfer that to the next
generation.
>> What's the client profile like now when
you look at Hong Kong and Singapore? Is
it still rich Chinese?
>> I'd say I'd say it's it's it's varied. I
mean, the one thing that that all of our
our high net worth clients have in
common is that they are typically first
generation wealth creators, right? and
they've accumulated significant wealth
but that wealth is largely tied up in
the business or or in property. It's
it's in illlquid uh indivisible assets.
So what our insurance solutions allow us
to do is to provide the certainty, the
liquidity, the flexibility, you know,
out of on a very low risk basis to
transfer that to uh to the next
generation so that wealth can be
allocated accordingly. If you look at
Singapore and Hong Kong for us, they're
very complimentary. I mean they're
serving you know largely but not
exclusively different international
corridors. Hong Kong predominantly into
greater China and northern Asia,
Singapore as the gateway into Azan and
increasingly into the Middle East. So
they are very complimentary and the
products and the solutions were offering
in these two markets are very different
>> apart from the two markets. What other
key priorities do you have
geographically speaking under your
watch?
>> Yeah. So, so we we've said very clearly
that we want to be a leading
international wealth manager with a
particular focus on Asia and the Middle
East. Um, and I said we are for the
insurance franchise HSBC Life. We are a
market leader in Hong Kong. We are
growing very fast in Singapore. And
again, what these two international
financial capitals allow us to do is to
attract international wealth. And these
offshore to onshore corridors
>> into the hubs, okay,
>> are getting are getting stronger and
stronger, deeper and deeper. You know,
the advisory capacity in these markets
is going up. Client sophistication is
going up. And I think that's a big
tailwind for large, deep, sophisticated
balance sheets and writers like
ourselves.
>> Uh, I want to get into the investment
side of things of the business. Um,
obviously that, you know, the Feds began
cutting rates again. You also have the
weakening of the dollar as as something.
How do you see that impacting overall
business?
>> Um, for for our insurance business,
actually very little. And the reason why
is we're a very long-term investor. Um,
our our average liability, our average
contract is over 20 years. So that does
allow us to take a very long-term view.
Uh we we've been fortunate to be a
recipient of significant premium inflows
these past few years whilst you know
rates have been pretty high. That has
allowed us to preund significant bond
purchases and lock in yields which are
very attractive and can ensure our
liability pricing is consistent.
>> But we've also been allocating into
alternative assets for for a number of
years now. So we have quite
sophisticated diversification of
different vintages of private equity of
private credit increasingly
infrastructure debt as well
>> you know and again as a long-term
investor with illquid liabilities we
benefit from that illquidity premium and
that complexity premium
>> do you see needing to do more of that
this move more into alternatives in
private markets
>> uh I wouldn't say do more I mean that
the business is growing if you looked at
our first half results I mean we grew
our annualized premium uh to $3.8 8
billion in the first half. Okay, that's
plus 30% uh versus prior year. So, the
premium inflows are coming up and we're
comfortable with our with our strategic
asset allocations and the mix that we
have, but we will certainly be deploying
more capital because the business is
growing very very fast.
>> Yeah, you mentioned some of the places
that appeal to you in the private asset
side of things. What What are places
that you would stay away from in the
private market?
>> Um, not so much that we we'd stay away
from. Again, we we're looking at
diversified multi-asset portfolios
because we're meeting long-term
guarantees and trying to generate alpha
for our policy holders across the
market. So, it's less about which
assets. It's it's it's also largely to
do with the regulatory capital charges
that these assets attract and that can
occasionally move and and also we have
big differences occasionally between
Hong Kong and Singapore around how how
these assets are treated.
>> Right. Are there assets that are a
no-go? The reason I I bring that up is
certainly you look for yield and I
wonder
>> an asset like gold for example that
doesn't actually yield you anything
>> but has done extremely well and we've
seen structural flows into the asset
class and I wonder as an insurer is that
something that even tempts you? It
>> it is definitely something that tempts
us because our customers are are
demanding it and inquiring it. So
actually in Hong Kong, we recently
launched an indexed universal life
policy which is again designed for high
net worth uh legacy and and legacy
planning where customers can self-
select into a gold index,
>> right? And and and and that's been
proven to be quite attractive. It's the
first time that insurance companies
introduce this and I think we'll see
more of that going forward.
>> Um in terms of there's a lot of
questions about whether you know
treasuries are still that sort of safe
you know haven sort of asset anymore. I
mean how are you looking at from HSBC's
perspective? Again from from from a life
insurance perspective we are providing
capital guarantees and occasionally in
some of our products we are providing
long-term you know income guarantees as
well you know and on that basis most of
our customers over the long term do
choose to have US dollar denominated
products it's the world's reserve
currency and and you you purchase
insurance because it is deemed to be a
lower risk more uh preservation uh
wealth vehicle so on that basis we
typically will back US dollar
liabilities with US assets and and on
that basis we would as you'd expect be a
large investor and allocator into US
treasuries.
>> Your your outlook for the core business
itself, you mentioned of course the
growth in premiums as well. Do you have
any visibility of where you think you
want to be this time next year?
>> Sure. Sure. We I mean we we disclosed
again at the half year that our our new
business CSM which is the deferred
profits that we generate from new
business was up to two billion. So
that's more than 50% up versus prior
year. So it shows we're coming in with
with pretty decent tailwinds and
capturing our fair share of the demand.
As a group, we've committed to sustained
doubledigit revenue growth across our
wealth franchise
>> and insurance has got to be a core
contributor to that.
>> That's right.
>> Uh I think HSBC almost went viral
yesterday with that story about
>> the quantum computer.
>> The quantum computing and really
effectively determining bond pricing.
>> I mean in terms of AI, how is it helping
your business right now? Yeah, great
question and and the question that is is
asked by by by staff pretty much every
day. I mean, what I would say is as an
insurance business, we've been using AI
for for for decades, right? I mean, our
actual actuarial pricing, our liability
pricing
>> is is all based on big data where we've
started to make, I think, some tangible
progress in the last couple of years is
around Gen AI and it is around the large
language models. We're starting to use
that for co-pilot tools for our
frontline agents and bankers across the
region. they can have more informed
conversations with clients. And we've
also started to use it in our claims and
underwriting capabilities. So our health
business, for example, we we're able to
now pay health claims in 5 minutes
>> because we've linked our AI tools to our
claims engines and to our payments
engines in the banks, which means we can
make determinations very quickly and we
can move money around the system very
quickly.
>> Edward, it's great to have you. Edward
Monree there, HSBC Group, insurance CEO
joining us here exclusively in our Hong
Kong studios. We got play more ahead.
This is Bumb.
[Music]
>> Oh,
right. All right, welcome back. A lot of
little top plots we're tracking across
these markets. So, Asian,
well, copper plays across the Asia
Pacific are seeing some money being
taken off the table, certainly it's been
a decent we've we've seen a decent few
sessions this week on the back of the
move up in copper prices. Now, all that
being said, of course, when you look at
some of the names like Jangy Copper, for
example, which we talked about a few
minutes back, um not feeling the pain
right now as far as this is concerned.
Uh we're looking at Sarah's group uh
listed, of course, in mainland China. I
think this is an approval to CSRC.
>> So, another listing in Hong Kong to look
into, right? So, jumping 10% to a record
high for the stock on the Asshare market
here after they did get approval from
the CSRC to list here in Hong Kong. So,
uh this is also Huawei's EV partner
planning to issue and list as many as
about 300 million or so shares in Hong
Kong according to the company there. So,
one to look forward to in terms of the
listings here in Hong Kong. Once again,
crypto certainly in focus here given
what we saw in a slump in in crypto
overnight. And there you go. You're
seeing some of these stocks continuing
on that decline here this morning.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging to that lunch break here
right now. And yeah, we're seeing the
Nicay just slightly to the downside
here. Topics is doing a little bit
better here. Most of the region is
falling on the back of maybe what we've
been seeing when it comes to tariffs and
certainly that's making headlines here
right now. Dollar yen also as well.
We're we're hovering around this 149
level. So still on the weaker side of
things given the strength of the dollar
of late here. But yeah, that CPI print
that we got out of Japan certainly did
leave to a lot of questions about
whether the BOJ can still hike later on
this year.
>> Yeah, it was really on the not just the
softer side. missed all but a few
forecasts out there. In fact, when you
look at what we're seeing as far as the
bond yields and certainly we are looking
at pricing coming all the way down as
maybe some of that gets priced out.
We'll see. Core CPI coming in at 2 and a
half%. This is similar of course to when
you look at the other measures that's
been uh that were released this morning.
It might also be the fact that
positioning was not prepared for a a
print of this softness u dollar yen as
pointing out who would be thinking well
who would have thought we'd be at 150.
Yeah, we're closing in on that
psychological level today.
>> Should we book our trip now soon?
>> I have already. In fact, I have already.
>> That is actually my trigger for pulling
the trigger for pulling the trigger.
Tokyo CPI print is really when
>> not the BOJ decision. That's too late.
Really, the market's already priced in
uh the move. Uh Bloomberg economics.
Here we go. So, the the the note out of
Taro this morning was uh let me just
paraphrase here. the the Tokyo CPI print
will not affect the path the tightening
path as far as the BOJ is concerned. Of
course, you have a real rates
conversation taking place there, but of
course, it might of course lead to some
near-term adjustments as far as markets
go. price pressures remain sticky uh
under the current pervasive environments
and yeah so that's the latest line
coming through out of Tyro Kimora in
reaction to the CPI print out of out of
Japan okay uh from one bond market to
another
>> yeah let's talk about CGBs right when
you're talking about you know when it
comes this I guess meltup in yields that
we've seen right so you talk about these
bond futures the 30 years basically now
the lowest since March So they have
erased a little bit of drop this
morning. But certainly the key question
is, you know, this rotation into
equities certainly seems to be sparking
the sell-off among CGBs. You also have
the lack of policy support, some say as
well. So that's why we continue to see
these Chinese bonds under pressure this
year. We talk about the 30-year yield.
It's basically now at the highest levels
we've seen this year.
>> Yep. Let's bring in uh Stephen Chu, of
course, who can help us understand right
now what this means and where we go from
here as far as CGB yields. There's a
three-year bond auction today. uh
inflows into this market PBOC policy.
Let's start with yields. Do you see this
continuing to the upside?
>> I think the recovery to the upside
especially for 10 year will continue. My
favorite measure is a 10 year old and I
think at least we have to go beyond 2%
until CGB become attractive again
because investors they always compare
the US and the China 10 year and our
calculation the model shows that
anything below 2% is not attractive.
Okay. Which is why we are seeing
outflows like the latest data in August
shows is the third consecutive month
that we are seeing outflows in CGBs
unless market come back and sell the
dollar like in April and May otherwise
it's very hard to get CGB inflows to
return.
>> There's all speculation but this the
PBOC is going to resume buying bonds
again. Are you seeing any signs of that
or is that could be happening anytime
soon?
>> I think not at the moment that because
yield is still pretty too low if you ask
me. So they have no rush to go and buy
bonds. But obviously um if the yield
curve flatten again then they may want
to do something about it. But now
especially this quarter the bears
stiffening is exactly what the PBC want
to see because they want an upward
sloping yield curve with 10ear yield
higher than the current level. Yeah, I
want to ask you about H highore in a
moment, but let me just get your
thoughts on we're moving into a very
long holiday next week and I wonder is
there a temptation right now to take
some of the bullish bets on the yuan for
example off the table now that it does
seem that there's more yield on the
dollar side of the conversation. I mean
it does make sense not just the yen but
if you look across the Asia look across
G10 there's this trade stronger dollar
trade for example the yen it's kind of
like market is sort of stabilizing and
focus back on the fed and yield
differential so now I think even for the
yen even though the fundamental for
China is improving I think it makes
sense to step up a little bit on the
>> okay hibbor do we I think we're above
>> 4%
>> four do we get to 4% you think
>> I think we actually about peaked the
very last peaked okay yeah I think we
have peaked well of course there's this
last kneejerk action that could bring to
4%. But I think the key indicator for
high ball peak is a one month and three
month inversion and we are inverted
right now. So it's a matter of time in
the very near term we should see the
peak.
>> Okay Stephen, thank you Stephen Chu
there joining us from Liber intelligence
talking all things highore FX rates and
the like. Here are some corporate
stories that we're following for you
today as well. Meta is reportly in early
talks to use Google's Gemini AI models
to improve ad targeting. According to
tech publication, The Information, the
move highlights Meta's struggles with
its own AI and growing pressure to
deliver better ad performance. Meta has
spent billions on AI researchers and
projects, but several stumbles have
plagued its efforts. Alibaba's Google is
sorry, Alphabets Google is asking the US
Supreme Court to pause a ruling that
would force it to overhaul Play Store
policies. Google warned in a filing that
without a delay, the company and its
Android ecosystem will suffer
irreparable harm. The move stems from
its longrunning antirust fight with
Fortnite maker Epic Games. Lindberg has
learned that Croup moved nearly a
thousand tech jobs to India's business
support centers following cuts to its
workforce in China. Sources say the Wall
Street lender shifted the jobs in phases
over the past few months. Back in June,
City announced plans to cut its
technology workforce in China by about
3,500 as part of its global
simplification efforts.
>> All right, let's shift to robo taxis and
BYU says it is exploring new markets for
expansions. That's as its fleet hits
operational profitability targets in
several cities across mainland China.
Let's bring in Animal Jewelers, of
course, a tech correspondent here with
us on set who had an exclusive interview
with the person actually leading the
overseas business, Apollo's overseas
business.
>> Yeah, that's right. So Apollo go is is
the robo taxi arm of BU. It is the
biggest one actually in China. So I'm it
was a significant interview for us
essentially to to to be able to hear
more from the company because they
actually don't talk about it that much
really in the earnings. So it's kind of
difficult to glean the progress that
it's making. But it was important also
to hear about where they're looking to
go to next. Already they're in Europe.
uh they're in the Middle East, but
they're also looking and talking with
governments in Australia, which was
interesting, of course, because people
talk about the the infrastructure not
being really even ready for EVs right
now, but Southeast Asia as well. So, we
sat down or I sat down with Halton, he's
the person who's leading the overseas
business for Apollo Globe, but take a
listen.
>> I think uh both Whimo and Bollo uh we
are the only two company who provide
over 1,000 cars uh in all the cities.
What does your expansion plan and your
and your scale up look like?
>> Uh we have already signed several
legally binding contract with different
partners globally. Uh any single one of
them is uh regarding uh thousands level
of robo taxes deployment. I believe once
we remove the safety driver from the car
you know the numbers of deployment uh
can can raise uh gigantically right. uh
since what we are aiming for is uh is
the real autonomous driving is without
safety driver
>> with working with US companies Uber
andyft do you see any risk of of
geopolitics coming into the equation as
well
>> from BU's perspective uh we think both
China and the and and the US have uh
enough ability and wisdom to overcome
such kind of uh geopolitical uh problems
or difficulties. So we believe uh since
we are also companies uh working for for
for new technology and also for profit
for for generating profits for for both
companies. So I think we yeah everything
will be good in the end.
>> When do you expect to be profitable as a
business unit
>> you know it is uh highly related to the
government approval of how fast we can
we can be from the technology part and
operation part. You know we are quite
confident that we can we can bring the
the such kind of autonomous cars to any
single city uh wherever the policy is
ready the infra infrastructure is good
and there are real demands there but
regarding the profitability I think uh
yeah it will take time. So each vehicle
can be profitable today. Each each
single unit can be profitable
>> uh just uh in several uh cities in
mainland China.
>> Mhm. Then what holds back the
profitability in other markets?
>> Well, if you want to generate you know
positive uh profits from uh one single
city I mean on average for every single
car uh you have to deploy a real number
of cars there. If you just deploy like
100 cars, it can never become
profitable. So you can you have to
provide some you know real service to
the local citizen there. You have to
make your tech technology a part of
people's lives. So demo shows cannot
generate profits forever.
>> Yes. Yeah. So I think that profitability
part was actually one of the most
interesting because this is this is
really something that relies on scale.
And so he was making the point that
actually in cities where they can
operate at a larger scale and we already
see that in mainland China where they're
operating say for instance more than a
thousand vehicles in a place like like
Wuhan for instance uh they can be
profitable there but when you're moving
into new international markets and
you've say only got a 100 vehicles in
Abu Dhabi or Dubai they're still losing
money at this point. And that was the
point he's making around regulation. You
need to work with governments. They need
to feel comfortable to allow you to
remove the human safety drivers to scale
up your vehicles as well. And that's
when true profitability comes. But it's
it's still quite a ways to go even as
you see some pretty intense competition
here because you've got the likes of BU,
Ponyier, Wiiwide. They're the ones that
are really expanding across Europe, the
Middle East, Southeast Asia. Whimo in
the US is largely staying at home. Yes.
like a trial there in the UK over in
Japan, but pretty much it's a US story
for now. And of course, because the US
has has higher taxi fairs, faster
regulation in some respects, and maybe
more openness to this sort of technology
as well.
>> Very interesting. All right, great
interview, Annabelle. Thank you. Our
tech reporter and BTE Asia co-anchor,
Annabelle Jewelers.
>> Yeah, in fact, we'll continue the
conversation around tech with VC firm
Race Capital joining us in a couple of
minutes here where they are seeing
opportunities. We talked about AI, this
red-hot tech market, and of course the
conversation around visas and the talent
war when it comes to AI, everything with
Edith Young coming through in a couple
of minutes. This is the China show.
[Music]
I think this is should be an
understatement. I think Alibaba has done
well in the last month.
Uh 27%
this alone, right? And you look at other
names, similar gains. You have BYU, you
have Sense Time, really what have you.
This AI theme, this rerating, this
mindset shift, and of course, Alibaba
has just really been the most popular
one of late has really brought the
attention back here to uh this Chinese
equity market.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Edith Hang, general
partner at Early Stage Silicon Valley
Venture Capital Fund, Race Capital.
She's here in Hong Kong. Ethan, it's
great to have you in town.
>> Yeah. I think we had you back then
during the deep seat moment and you were
quite surprised by sort of the rise of
AI in China.
>> How are you looking at now being based
in the US and it seems like you know
Alibaba is making a comeback and
everybody is is talking about AI
spending in China now. How are you
viewing it this time around?
>> I I think AI is the magic word for all
corporate and Wall Street and for
Alibaba actually makes sense. you know
they triple digit triple digit for for
Quinn and the growth for cloud I think
is 26%.
And it's almost any anybody doesn't
matter for Nvidia anybody work with
Nvidia automatically as at least 10 to
maybe even 30% jumped in circum stock
price
>> and coming from Silicon Valley there's a
lot of things going on right so one of
our portfolio company data bricks just
raised um at a 100red billion uh in
valuation uh trailing about 4 billion in
revenue and just their AI product alone
in terms of revenue venue is a billion.
>> So, it's definitely the name of the game
for anything related to AI is a hot
thing for Wall Street,
>> right? And do do you get a sense that
fundraising in your in your area is
underplaying or overplaying or do you
get a sense it's easy to raise money now
because AI seems to be everything that
people be talking about?
>> I I think is relatively easy for the big
startups. Okay.
>> Like the open AI
>> like you just mentioned. Okay. Yeah. And
I think earlier this week you covered on
the Nvidia and the Open AI investment.
And I read a really great article this
morning on Bloomberg that basically
talked about how it's almost like a
parent co-signed your mortgage for your
first house.
>> Guaranteed it.
>> And Nvidia has a lot of money to spend.
Seven 70 billion of a free cash flow.
And OpenAI has a lot of money to to to
spend. also 300 billion like with Oracle
and other 500 billion and Stargate and
in this sense Nvidia basically guarantee
a customer
>> for the next generation Reuben platform.
So
>> I think for fundraising if you are a big
startup like data bricks or open AAI is
sure a lot of funding is go to that
>> but for smaller tech it's it's not as
easy. Yeah, I was going to say I mean
the parent analogy, right? Helping your
kid um
>> start off
>> start off. I mean is there a concern
really of of really for Nvidia investing
in companies and then purching
purchasing its chips? That's that seems
to be the concern from the market on
that deal.
>> Um a little bit of course some eyebrows
were raised for sure but it makes sense
for Nvidia. They if you look at it a
100red billion investment could secure
up to 20% of open AI
>> and that is only 2.5%
of their 4 trillion market cap and guess
what 100 billion really is just 18
months of their free cash flow
>> and if and only if open AI become the
next next trillion dollar company this
could be the next Alibaba Yahoo
investment all over again. So it makes
sense for them.
>> People are trying to look at the entire
ecosystem that they're trying to
understand it beyond hardware,
designers, what have you. What it comes
to startups and like the really really
early stage companies, what's hot now?
Like what what do you think will what is
what is what is meriting your attention
recently?
>> Um I think at race capital we are
continue to excited about AI
infrastructure
>> and we are very proud. That's also quite
a wide
>> data bricks of course and it's really
really wide of course but this year 2025
really is the year of agentic AI and we
are seeing a lot of really interesting
AI application that built on top of
different LLMs regardless is for finance
healthcare legal or for specific role
not for our job yet but the parillegal
the or the AI nurse or there's either
very vertically driven or specific role
driven.
>> Okay.
>> Um and I'm also seeing a lot of rise of
any AI infrastructure and the peripheral
things like nuclear uh or quantum
computing. These are things that you
know just buying an Nvidia chipset alone
you still need to spend a lot of opex to
make sure that these things are running
properly. where in the AI space is still
you think maybe too extreme where we're
seeing maybe a bit of it's getting too
crowded too much spending and maybe it's
just overhyped right now
>> frothy valuations if that
>> is a is a case
>> I I I I think I we certainly as an early
stage invest investor we have to adjust
our expectation in terms of valuation I
think valuation for early stage startup
has been rising up for sure
>> um we are seeing basically
average early stage valuation is
anywhere minimum at least 20 to 30
million to start and a lot of times
second or third time founder at seed
stage is already 100 million so it is
certainly expensive but having said that
you know a few years ago we don't see
trillion dollar companies and IPL market
is also coming making a comeback so
we're excited to see that finally some
of our companies you know can exit and
have some sort of IPO in the at the end
of the tunnel
>> I want to ask you about the the visa
story. Uh it's really been making waves
following the White House's announcement
around making effectively very expensive
for companies to sponsor talent from
abroad. How is that resonating in the VC
industry, particularly in your
>> in your specific area where there's a
really a lot of foreign talent that's
needed?
>> Yeah. And I think $100,000 H1B fee with
two days
notice is a huge mistake. And the Trump
administration is basically telling the
world, hey tech founders, don't build in
America if you're not rich. And it's not
going to help the big tech small, you
know, small tech really they can't
afford it. Um, so somebody like myself,
I um I was sponsored H-1B visa and
thanks to Oracle and Larry Ellison as my
own employer,
>> it was a very very painful and and long
journey and it's definitely not for
small tech to be able to afford and pay
100,000
>> and I think this is the moment when a
lot of other tech hubs like London or
Toronto or Vancouver that's closer to
North America or Singapore or Bangalore
which there's so many talent
and maybe even Hong Kong can take
advantage of it.
>> Yep. Me too. I was also an H-1B holder
back then. Um certainly we've seen uh a
lot of uh
>> Wow. Okay.
>> Yeah. I mean not even in the tech
industry. I was in journalism and that
actually was also quite
>> um an interesting sort of
>> journey. Yeah. For me as well.
>> Yes. Very very painful.
>> Edith thank you and there general
partner at race capital. Of course
you're a subscriber you want to rewatch
that interview. You can catch us through
our interactive TV function TV go. You
can also become part of the
conversation. Send us instant messages,
questions to our guests as well. Check
it out at TV go. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, it's all about me, not me.
Yeah, me 17. Uh, this is what's
launching, right? And really debuting uh
$630.
That's the answer to the iPhone 17. So,
it's a a few hundred or so bucks
cheaper, right? And but from the looks
of it, does it look pretty similar,
Dave, to you? I mean, there's certainly
how they pitched it, how they've named
it is very similar. And it really
coincides with the timing of that iPhone
17 launch just a few days ago.
>> Yeah. And I think this is really a a
watershed moment. I know I know people
overuse that phrase, but the fact that
we've been talking about Apple's
um challenges to really break the mold
against domestic players in China,
right? So it's not even before Xiaomi
was a was a household name, right? Apple
had really problems with, you know, if
you go back a few years with Samsung in
China and of course the domestic names
came up and then now you have this uh
this specific model and it's being
marketed, if I'm not mistaken, as
directly, to your point, directly
uh a competitor to the iPhone 17. I
mean, they skipped the number even.
>> They even pushed forward the release
date um to coincide with Apple as well.
So yes, they are going head-to-head with
Apple, but it seems like people are
saying when it comes to the overall
specs, strong specs, nice design
according to Cityroup, big battery, very
competitive to gain share in the 4,000
to 6,000 yen segment likely here as
well. So certainly they're talking about
the upcoming smartphone shipment data
likely to support they're talking about
double digit growth when it comes to
that new phone. I
>> I'm looking too at the reaction here
from our folks at Bloomberg Intelligence
too, right?
In terms of the major upgrades to the
iPhone 17 base model specifically, they
haven't received popular consumer
demand, it would actually squeeze sales
of Xiaomi. Now that said,
>> uh the folks actually are now saying
that they believe we believe I'm
paraphrasing and from their perspective
here that the revenue on of Xiaomi could
actually climb 35% this year driven by
just of the overall EV and of course the
internet of things business too.
>> Yeah. And on Wayel, it's been trending,
right? Everyone's talking about, you
know, why can Xiaomi just be himself for
once? Why don't we call it Xiaomi 18
just to sort of surpass Apple? It's a
lot of questions about why they're
they're pitting themselves directly
against Apple as well. And is that
really a good move there?
>> It better be a good product.
>> The marketing side of things.
>> Yeah. On the spec side of things, um 680
>> $630. Yeah. Which is about 100 bucks.
>> 100 bucks cheaper.
>> Okay. Yeah, that's a that's a good I
wouldn't spend any more than 500 bucks
on a phone anyway. So, this is clearly
clearly I'm not I'm not the target
market uh for this. I have an iPhone 4
still. Yeah. Anyway,
>> he's exaggerating.
>> Yeah, iPhone 5. Okay. Uh couple of
things to track. Uh Asia Pacific half of
1% to the downside and of course we're
looking at I think we have some
inflation numbers coming through out of
the US later today. That's it from us.
We will see you all on Monday. Goodbye.
[Music]